Edit CCM Recs to refer to providers and AI recs instead of only cloud providers (#38739)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/cloud_cost_management/recommendations/_index.md

## Overview

> [Cloud Cost Recommendations][1] provides recommendations on reducing your cloud and AI spend by optimizing the usage of your cloud resources, AI agents, and LLMs. Datadog generates a set of recommendations by combining your observability data with your underlying provider billing data to identify orphaned, legacy, over-provisioned, and un-optimized cloud resources and AI usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Cloud Cost Recommendations][1] provides recommendations on reducing your cloud and AI spend by optimizing the usage of your cloud resource and AI/LLM usage. Datadog generates a set of recommendations by combining your observability data with your underlying provider billing data to identify orphaned, legacy, or overprovisioned cloud resources, as well as unoptimized AI usage.
```

Reviewer: some food for thought from Claude:
> Looking at the multifiltersearch data table, the only AI-related recommendations are Anthropic/OpenAI API key prompt-caching recommendations — there's no recommendation type targeting "AI agents." Mentioning "AI agents" here may overstate what the feature actually covers. Consider confirming with the author whether "AI agents" is accurate, or narrowing to "AI/LLM API usage."

Author: Good catch, thanks. Applied with two small tweaks to your suggestion: kept "cloud resources" (plural) and reworded to avoid "the usage of your ... usage." Landed in a9d3572.

Author: Agreed — the AI recs today are Anthropic/OpenAI API-key prompt-caching, so "AI agents" overstated it. Narrowed to "AI/LLM API usage."
